Using following elevenLabs voices:

Killchain Command Voice: Chris .. changed to Paul then back to Chris 

Copilot Voice: Josh

Patrol Voices: TBC





a player can declare they are reqdy for tasking, as follows:

Killchain Command this is Raptor 4 

Raptor X Kilo Charlie go ahead 

I can confirm Raptor 4 is ready for tasking, over 

Copy that Raptor X - break 

... a wait 

player confirms being on station via keybind (ie spoken phrase)
.. raptor 4 kilo charlie, (can be one of 6)
.. you have a medivac task, 
.. four units to extract, (can be 2 3 4 5 6)
//.. standby for target LZ, break 
// .. Raptor 4 kilo charlie, 
.. extraction point is LZ Bravo 9, five patrols, 9 LZs per patrol, 45 LZs potential 
kilo charlie out  

each alphabet LZ sign can have 5 versions, Bravo 1, Bravo 2, Bravo 3 etc 

Standard patrol callsigns 
alpha patrol - LZs: LZ Alpha 1, 2 3 4 5 
bravo patrol 
charlie patrol 
delta patrol 
echo patrol 

LRRP callsigns 
Whiskey 
x-ray 
Yankee 
Zulu 












kilo charlie raptor 4 thats a good copy, out
or 
good copy kilo charlie, out  



Player says 'This is Raptor (x) ready for tasking 
We need 5 versions of this, to match the fact they could be in any of the raptors 
The keybind sends the raptor number, so 

---

note, this has to be simple, so a player needs a simple phrase to kick off the mission .. the more complex interactions can be 
done, but only really with CP and KC .. We can explore more complex interactions when we have the basics working 

.. new


KC Voice Actor: Chris 
Raptor CP Actor: Josh 
Victor Actual Actor: Harry

KC - Raptor 1 Kilo Charlie 
R1 - Go ahead Kilo Charlie 
KC - Raptor, Victor patrol requires a medivac at LZ Alpha 1, how copy?
R1 - thats a good copy Kilo Charlie, how many units?
KC - 5 units, ready for extraction 
R1 - Raptor copies and will comply, Raptor out 

Victor Patrol will be operating in Alpha area .. with 9 LZs allocated to that group 

on approach...

V1 - Raptor this is Victor 1 Actual 
R1 - Go ahead Victor 1 
V1 - Raptor we've got some injured that need extraction, on yellow smoke, how copy?
R1 - Raptor copies, yellow smoke, Raptor out 

naming convention for audio files from elevenLabs 
kc_ - Killchain Command 
cp_ - Your Copilot 
v1_ - Victor One Actual 